Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Did your client ever make
a call on the basketball court
that was influenced
by his association with gamblers?
He denies that it ever took place?
What are we doing here?
Why is everybody's story
about the Marriott so different?
Had he not made that threat...
...would you have bet with him?
We've got a ref
in our hip pocket.
What's his name?
Tim Donaghy.
- Were you inside?
- No. You?
Yeah. he got 15 months.
Fifteen months is
what I hear. Three years probation.
Stern offered you a job
in the course of the investigation.
Is that true?
I think that your concern
that you would appear well-off
is only problematic if you made
more money than you say you did.
-Right?
-Right. Sure.
Did you make more money
than you said you did?
I had asked you if you made
more money than you told people.
and you said you didn't know.
Is that honest?
Okay. Did you make
more money than you said you did?